README.md, before:

# French Translation Pack for ExpressionEngine 7.x

## Changes Between Versions

- [7.1.5 → 7.2.5](https://github.com/EllisLab/EE-Language-French/compare/973e11f...)
- [6.0.3 → 7.1.5](https://github.com/EllisLab/EE-Language-French/compare/4f93475...973e11f)
- [6.0.3 → 6.0.6](https://github.com/EllisLab/EE-Language-French/compare/ad4f27f...4f93475)
- [6.0.1 → 6.0.3](https://github.com/EllisLab/EE-Language-French/compare/46a80c1...ad4f27f)
- [6.0.0 → 6.0.1](https://github.com/EllisLab/EE-Language-French/compare/8cb6cd3...46a80c1)
- [5.4.0 → 6.0.0](https://github.com/EllisLab/EE-Language-French/compare/bc557fb...8cb6cd3)
- [5.2.4 → 5.4](https://github.com/EllisLab/EE-Language-French/compare/0dd9867...bc557fb)
- [5.2.3 → 5.2.4](https://github.com/EllisLab/EE-Language-French/compare/fbabe45...0dd9867)
- [5.2.2 → 5.2.3](https://github.com/EllisLab/EE-Language-French/compare/e2c1624...fbabe45)
- [5.1.3 → 5.2.2](https://github.com/EllisLab/EE-Language-French/compare/4ba59a5...e2c1624)
- [5.0.2 → 5.1.3](https://github.com/EllisLab/EE-Language-French/compare/0dfe235...4ba59a5)
- [5.0.1 → 5.0.2](https://github.com/EllisLab/EE-Language-French/compare/8c33c88...0dfe235)
- [4.3.6 → 5.0.1 (updated)](https://github.com/EllisLab/EE-Language-French/compare/7b0082b...8c33c88)
- [4.3.4 → 4.3.6](https://github.com/EllisLab/EE-Language-French/compare/801a8f2...7b0082b)
- [4.3.3 → 4.3.4](https://github.com/EllisLab/EE-Language-French/compare/f6e0091...801a8f2)
- [4.1.3 → 4.3.3](https://github.com/EllisLab/EE-Language-French/compare/9dcd9af...f6e0091)
- [4.1.2 → 4.1.3](https://github.com/EllisLab/EE-Language-French/compare/4742563...9dcd9af)
- [4.1.1 → 4.1.2](https://github.com/EllisLab/EE-Language-French/compare/4ff5f60...4742563)
- [4.0.8 → 4.1.1](https://github.com/EllisLab/EE-Language-French/compare/ed78b64...4ff5f60)
- [4.0.7 → 4.0.8](https://github.com/EllisLab/EE-Language-French/compare/2e064ef...ed78b64)
- [4.0.6 → 4.0.7](https://github.com/EllisLab/EE-Language-French/compare/fd18e53...2e064ef)
- [3.5.12 → 4.0.6](https://github.com/EllisLab/EE-Language-French/compare/ef207c4...fd18e53)

## License

- Copyright (C) 2009-2022 Packet Tide
- Original French translation provided by: Jeremie Werner / Studio Meta (@studiometa)
- 2.5.5, 2.7.x, 3.x, 4.x, 5.x, 6.x by: Emmanuel Beauchamps
- 7.x by: Andre Urtizberea

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL
ELLISLAB, INC. BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER
IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN
CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

Except as contained in this notice, the name of EllisLab, Inc. shall not be
used in advertising or otherwise to promote the sale, use or other dealings
in this Software without prior written authorization from EllisLab, Inc.

## How to help contribute to this language pack

1. Read and understand the Developer's Certificate of Origin below
2. Fork the repo
3. Make your changes
4. Submit a pull request
5. Bug us until we merge it!

## Developer's Certificate of Origin 1.1

By making a contribution to this project, I certify that:

(1) The contribution was created in whole or in part by me and I
    have the right to submit it under the open source license
    indicated in the file; or

(2) The contribution is based upon previous work that, to the best
    of my knowledge, is covered under an appropriate open source
    license and I have the right under that license to submit that
    work with modifications, whether created in whole or in part
    by me, under the same open source license (unless I am
    permitted to submit under a different license), as indicated
    in the file; or

(3) The contribution was provided directly to me by some other
    person who certified (1), (2) or (3) and I have not modified
    it.

(4) I understand and agree that this project and the contribution
    are public and that a record of the contribution (including all
    personal information I submit with it, including my sign-off) is
    maintained indefinitely and may be redistributed consistent with
    this project or the open source license(s) involved.

Commit message:

resolve conflicts and add changes from PR
https://github.com/EllisLab/EE-Language-French/pull/63

README.md, after:

# French Translation Pack for ExpressionEngine 7.x

## Usage

- Switch to appropriate branch (`master` for ExpressionEngine 7, `6.x` for ExpressionEngine 6)
- Download zip or clone repo locally
- Place the files in `user/language/french` folder into `user/language/french` folder in your installation
- Set the language preference in ExpressionEngine Control Panel

## Changes Between Versions

- [7.1.5 → 7.2.5](https://github.com/EllisLab/EE-Language-French/compare/973e11f...)
- [6.0.3 → 7.1.5](https://github.com/EllisLab/EE-Language-French/compare/4f93475...973e11f)
- [6.0.3 → 6.0.6](https://github.com/EllisLab/EE-Language-French/compare/ad4f27f...4f93475)
- [6.0.1 → 6.0.3](https://github.com/EllisLab/EE-Language-French/compare/46a80c1...ad4f27f)
- [6.0.0 → 6.0.1](https://github.com/EllisLab/EE-Language-French/compare/8cb6cd3...46a80c1)
- [5.4.0 → 6.0.0](https://github.com/EllisLab/EE-Language-French/compare/bc557fb...8cb6cd3)
- [5.2.4 → 5.4](https://github.com/EllisLab/EE-Language-French/compare/0dd9867...bc557fb)
- [5.2.3 → 5.2.4](https://github.com/EllisLab/EE-Language-French/compare/fbabe45...0dd9867)
- [5.2.2 → 5.2.3](https://github.com/EllisLab/EE-Language-French/compare/e2c1624...fbabe45)
- [5.1.3 → 5.2.2](https://github.com/EllisLab/EE-Language-French/compare/4ba59a5...e2c1624)
- [5.0.2 → 5.1.3](https://github.com/EllisLab/EE-Language-French/compare/0dfe235...4ba59a5)
- [5.0.1 → 5.0.2](https://github.com/EllisLab/EE-Language-French/compare/8c33c88...0dfe235)
- [4.3.6 → 5.0.1 (updated)](https://github.com/EllisLab/EE-Language-French/compare/7b0082b...8c33c88)
- [4.3.4 → 4.3.6](https://github.com/EllisLab/EE-Language-French/compare/801a8f2...7b0082b)
- [4.3.3 → 4.3.4](https://github.com/EllisLab/EE-Language-French/compare/f6e0091...801a8f2)
- [4.1.3 → 4.3.3](https://github.com/EllisLab/EE-Language-French/compare/9dcd9af...f6e0091)
- [4.1.2 → 4.1.3](https://github.com/EllisLab/EE-Language-French/compare/4742563...9dcd9af)
- [4.1.1 → 4.1.2](https://github.com/EllisLab/EE-Language-French/compare/4ff5f60...4742563)
- [4.0.8 → 4.1.1](https://github.com/EllisLab/EE-Language-French/compare/ed78b64...4ff5f60)
- [4.0.7 → 4.0.8](https://github.com/EllisLab/EE-Language-French/compare/2e064ef...ed78b64)
- [4.0.6 → 4.0.7](https://github.com/EllisLab/EE-Language-French/compare/fd18e53...2e064ef)
- [3.5.12 → 4.0.6](https://github.com/EllisLab/EE-Language-French/compare/ef207c4...fd18e53)

## License

- Copyright (C) 2009-2023 Packet Tide
- Original French translation provided by: Jeremie Werner / Studio Meta (@studiometa)
- 2.5.5, 2.7.x, 3.x, 4.x, 5.x, 6.x by: Emmanuel Beauchamps
- 7.x by: Andre Urtizberea

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL
ELLISLAB, INC. BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER
IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN
CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

Except as contained in this notice, the name of EllisLab, Inc. shall not be
used in advertising or otherwise to promote the sale, use or other dealings
in this Software without prior written authorization from EllisLab, Inc.

## How to help contribute to this language pack

1. Read and understand the Developer's Certificate of Origin below
2. Fork the repo
3. Make your changes
4. Submit a pull request
5. Bug us until we merge it!

## Developer's Certificate of Origin 1.1

By making a contribution to this project, I certify that:

(1) The contribution was created in whole or in part by me and I
    have the right to submit it under the open source license
    indicated in the file; or

(2) The contribution is based upon previous work that, to the best
    of my knowledge, is covered under an appropriate open source
    license and I have the right under that license to submit that
    work with modifications, whether created in whole or in part
    by me, under the same open source license (unless I am
    permitted to submit under a different license), as indicated
    in the file; or

(3) The contribution was provided directly to me by some other
    person who certified (1), (2) or (3) and I have not modified
    it.

(4) I understand and agree that this project and the contribution
    are public and that a record of the contribution (including all
    personal information I submit with it, including my sign-off) is
    maintained indefinitely and may be redistributed consistent with
    this project or the open source license(s) involved.
